I. Demonstrate how the various roles on your Scrum-agile Team specifically contributed to the success of the SNHU Travel project.
	Well, every part of the team was needed for the success of the project. You need everyone doing their job to succeed in an agile method. The development team for being able to adapt to the new changes that the stakeholder wanted when they wanted a “Detox” theme in their travel deals. The Testing team to push out software quickly and to alert the development team to anything that needed to be changed. The Scrum master for keeping everyone on the agile method so they did not go back to the waterfall method. They also helped by facilitating the teams, so communication was done daily in their daily “Standups”. The product owner who communicates with the stakeholder and updates the backlog with the new user stories that they want so the development team can focus on coding. Finally, the stakeholder. Yes, they are needed for the success of the team as well. If they had not communicated with the product owner and had a hand in the development, then the program would not have been as personalized as it was.
II. Describe how a Scrum-agile approach to the SDLC helped each of the user stories come to completion.
	Well, when starting the project, user stories are created and added to a backlog. The most crucial stories are put to the top, while more complex or incomplete stories get pushed back on the list. The stories are updated by the Scrum master or the Product owner to add details to the stories if they were missing something, or if the stakeholder wants a certain feature out right away. The team has the ultimate decision though. The development team picks out what they want to work on for that day and picks from the top of the backlog. As the development team completes the stories, they hand them over to the testing team to make sure that it works as stated in the user story. Then the code is inserted into the program for the customer/stakeholder.
III. Describe how a Scrum-agile approach supported project completion when the project was interrupted and changed direction.
	 One of the tenants to the agile manifesto¹ is “Responding to change over following a plan”. The project went very smoothly when we had to change directions. The change was not major, just a change in wording. But there was no paperwork, or requests that had to be made. We just adapted and rolled with it. In any other situation, I can see a drop in moral when part of the project would have to be scrapped. But they would recover after they found their footing again. This is preferred because the team would not stew until they were given authorization to resume. It would be end up better this way.
IV. Demonstrate your ability to communicate effectively with your team by providing samples of your communication. 
	This is the communique between the Testing team and the Product owner when the stakeholder wanted to weave in “Detox” and the like into the travel packages.
To “Product Owner” & “Tester”
Subject: “Ad hoc SNHU Travel”
Dear “Product Owner” & “Tester”
We need to move forward with the new requirement of “Detox” for the travel app. Product owner, I need you to check with the Stakeholder and check to see what areas of focus they wanted us to implement into the wording. Tester, I need you to alter your tests to also include the phrasing of Detox that the Product owner will get from the Stakeholder. Both of you keep the other informed about the process and ask if you need more clarification. Also, Product owner, collaborate with the Scrum Master and see if this is a quick alter, and see how much time this will set the team back. It might also be wise to check with the Scrum master and go through and alter the user stories and notify the development team of the area of focus so they can be aware of the requirements too.
Thanks
Els, Nicholas
V. Evaluate the organizational tools and Scrum-agile principles that helped your team be successful.
	 Well, I did not get to use it, but the information radiator such as, JIRA, Azure Boards, or RTC, would have been wonderful to use. They keep everyone up to date on the project, even when the team is not in the same location. They are easy to use, and easy to customize based on the team’s preference.
	The agile principles that helped, were “Working software over comprehensive documentation”, “Customer collaboration over contract negotiation”, and “Responding to change over following a plan”. I HATE paperwork. If there is a way to do something that does not have to deal with it, I will go that way. I just want to code, not write. I like it when the customer collaborated with us, because it gave me a much clearer idea of what they wanted in their program. There was no guessing, just asking. Lastly, Responding to change. I did not mind changing my view on the project. If it meant more coding for me, I would go for it more often. Coding is very relaxing.
VI. Assess the effectiveness of the Scrum-agile approach for the SNHU Travel project.
•	Describe the pros and cons that the Scrum-agile approach presented during the project.
The pros would be that it is very easy to follow. It has the potential to work with human behavior if the teams follow the method. But the cons are that the experienced employees are going to have a hard time switching over. They have built all their knowledge around the waterfall method. It would be like herding cats through a car wash.
•	Determine whether or not a Scrum-agile approach was the best approach for the SNHU Travel development project.
With the team (myself) in mind, this would have been the best method for the project. Since I am so new to the coding community, an easy to follow method, pared with simple tasks, made it a very enjoyable experience. 
